How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

How I write programs that are maintainable is to first keep class naming conventions simple so when they can be implemented throuout the code effeciently. To keep my code readable, I put comments before each function so its easy to follow for anyone who choses to view my project while ensuring best industry standard practices are being followed. This ensures that when creating a full stack web application that the project is organized from start to finish. Another advantage with working this way other developers can go and read this program and know which function does what without having to guess.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

As a computer scientist, I approach a problem by first identifying what the software I program intends to do. When considering Grazios Salvare's project, they wanted a web application that takes data from a noSQL database that filters and organizes that data in order to find dogs that are suiltable for various recue opterations in the Austin Texas area. The next step I took was making a CRUD python module that connected to the mongoDB database and then use that module to then devlop the web application. Next was gathering the requirments from the customer, the client wanted to be have a geolocation chart and an other data visualation tool to see the different dogs for rescue opterations. The client also wanted to be able to filter between the various rescue types. To apply that I learned from this project in real world scenarios, I would first identifty what the ultimate goal or function that the software will do then build the foundation of the application such as the CRUD module. After that, I would import all the necessary libraries and then go and build the dashboard. Finally I would compare the dashboard that I have to what the client wants and then I would adjust. This project differed from previous assignment as this project was a full-stack web application compared from regular programs that worked with data.    

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

I like to view computer scientists as the bridge with humans and computers. This matters as companies rely on technology more and more. This project can be applied to just about any company. For example, as a server in the restaurant industry, I can use this foundation on this project to filter data from the restaurnt and perform data analysis tasks to help small restaurnts foucus on what menu items works to increase revenue and maximize profit. 
